Update README.md (#91)
OpenFreeEnergy/konnektor: README.md

Analysis of networks, like calculating graph scores, getting the connectivities of network nodes or calculating the network robustness are available too.
Last we want to bring to your attention our Network visualization tools and the provided interactive network visualization widget for IPython like in Jupyter-Lab/Notebooks.

> Checkout our article on Konnektor in the Journal of Chemical Modelling and Information: [𝐊𝐨𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐤𝐭𝐨𝐫: 𝐀 𝐅𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐔𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐡 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐧 𝐍𝐞𝐭𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐄𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐠𝐲 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 - Benjamin Ries*, Richard J. Gowers, Hannah M. Baumann, David W. H. Swenson,  Michael M. Henry, Irfan Alibay, James R. B. Eastwood, and David Mobley](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.4c01710).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout our article on Konnektor in the Journal of Chemical Modelling and Information: [𝐊𝐨𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐤𝐭𝐨𝐫: 𝐀 𝐅𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐔𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐡 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐧 𝐍𝐞𝐭𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐄𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐠𝐲 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 - Benjamin Ries*, Richard J. Gowers, Hannah M. Baumann, David W. H. Swenson,  Michael M. Henry, James R. B. Eastwood, Irfan Alibay, and David Mobley](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.4c01710).
```

> Checkout our article on Konnektor in the Journal of Chemical Modelling and Information: [𝐊𝐨𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐤𝐭𝐨𝐫: 𝐀 𝐅𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐔𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐡 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐧 𝐍𝐞𝐭𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐄𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐠𝐲 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 - Benjamin Ries*, Richard J. Gowers, Hannah M. Baumann, David W. H. Swenson,  Michael M. Henry, James R. B. Eastwood, Irfan Alibay, and David Mobley](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.4c01710).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check out our article on Konnektor in the Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling: [𝐊𝐨𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐤𝐭𝐨𝐫: 𝐀 𝐅𝐫𝐚𝐦𝐞𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐔𝐬𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐆𝐫𝐚𝐩𝐡 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐏𝐥𝐚𝐧 𝐍𝐞𝐭𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐅𝐫𝐞𝐞 𝐄𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐠𝐲 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 - Benjamin Ries*, Richard J. Gowers, Hannah M. Baumann, David W. H. Swenson,  Michael M. Henry, James R. B. Eastwood, Irfan Alibay, and David Mobley](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.4c01710).
```
Check out is two words (when it's a verb). Also I think this is the correct name of the journal?
